your presence is requested at the Royal
Wedding of Prince gisbert of Bend
and Princess Pea do you take this man to
be your husband
no oh my god this is a bad time to be
coming down off of that high so how'd it
go
I want to be in charge of my own destiny
I want to see the outside world
I wanted it rid of all the diseases
plaguing mankind and replace them with
worse once control I don't even know
what they yell at you I'm not so bad
well you did kill that one guy I'd be
fine if someone could just slide my head
up a bit isn't there a point in
everyone's life where they need to go
and figure out who they are
well I'm a good butcher this is a pet
shop
what's this viewing I don't want to
drink away that's hope
I'm so proud of you I'm elf Oh remember
the trick to not getting swept over the
waterfall is swimming upstream got it
you can do anything if you believe in
yourself
[Music]
you